Update docs for mappings actuator (#348)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v4/management/mappings.md

# Route Mappings

> You can use the Steeltoe Route Mappings actuator to retrieve the HTTP endpoints in your app, originating from ASP.NET Minimal APIs, API/MVC Controllers, Razor Pages and Blazor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Steeltoe Route Mappings actuator to retrieve the HTTP endpoints in your app that originate from ASP.NET Minimal APIs, API/MVC Controllers, Razor Pages and Blazor.
```
